Update Tarball extension from .tgz to tar.gz in markdown files (#480)
nginx/documentation: content/nap-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration.md

### Policy Configuration Overview

> The NGINX App Protect WAF security policy configuration uses the declarative format based on a pre-defined base template. The policy is represented in a JSON file which you can edit to add, modify and remove security capabilities with respect to the base template. The JSON file then should be compiled to a bundle file (`.tar.gz`) using the [NGINX App Protect WAF Compiler]({{< ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/compiler.md" >}}). The way the policy is integrated into the NGINX configuration is via referencing the bundle file (using the full path) in the `nginx.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NGINX App Protect WAF security policy configuration uses the declarative format based on a pre-defined base template. The policy is represented in a JSON file which you can edit to add, modify and remove security capabilities with respect to the base template. The JSON file then should be compiled to a bundle file (`.tgz`) using the [NGINX App Protect WAF Compiler]({{< ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/compiler.md" >}}). The way the policy is integrated into the NGINX configuration is via referencing the bundle file (using the full path) in the `nginx.conf` file.
```

This script will output the schema to a file named `policy.json` into the current working directory. Once the schema file is generated, you can use validation tools such as [AJV](https://ajv.js.org/standalone.html) to validate a JSON policy file.

> In the following example, the NGINX configuration file with App Protect enabled in the HTTP context and the policy `/policies/policy1.tar.gz` is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the NGINX configuration file with App Protect enabled in the HTTP context and the policy `/policies/policy1.tgz` is used:
```

    keepalive_timeout  65;

    app_protect_enable on; # This is how you enable NGINX App Protect WAF in the relevant context/block

>     app_protect_policy_file "/etc/app_protect/conf/policy1.tar.gz"; # This is a reference to the policy bundle file to use. If not defined, the default policy is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app_protect_policy_file "/etc/app_protect/conf/policy1.tgz"; # This is a reference to the policy bundle file to use. If not defined, the default policy is used
```

    app_protect_security_log_enable on; # This section enables the logging capability

>     app_protect_security_log "/etc/app_protect/conf/log_all.tar.gz" syslog:server=127.0.0.1:514; # This is where the remote logger is defined in terms of: logging options (defined in the referenced file), log server IP, log server port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app_protect_security_log "/etc/app_protect/conf/log_all.tgz" syslog:server=127.0.0.1:514; # This is where the remote logger is defined in terms of: logging options (defined in the referenced file), log server IP, log server port
```

docker run \
 -v $(pwd):$(pwd) \
 waf-compiler-1.0.0:custom \

>  -factory-policy default -o $(pwd)/new_default_policy.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -factory-policy default -o $(pwd)/new_default_policy.tgz
```

docker run \
 -v $(pwd):$(pwd) \
 waf-compiler-1.0.0:custom \

>  -factory-policy strict -o $(pwd)/new_strict_policy.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -factory-policy strict -o $(pwd)/new_strict_policy.tgz
```

|load_module | load_module <library_file_path> | NGINX directive to load the App Protect module. It must be invoked with the App Protect library path | Global | load_module modules/ngx_http_app_protect_module.so |
|app_protect_enforcer_address | <hostname/ip>:<port> | The Enforcer service address. | HTTP | app_protect_enforcer_address 127.0.0.1:50000; |
|app_protect_enable | app_protect_enable on &#124; off | Whether to enable App Protect at the respective context. If not present, inherits from the parent context | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_enable on |

> |app_protect_policy_file | app_protect_policy_file <file_path> | Set a App Protect policy configuring behavior for the respective context. | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_policy_file /config/waf/strict_policy.tar.gz |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|app_protect_policy_file | app_protect_policy_file <file_path> | Set a App Protect policy configuring behavior for the respective context. | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_policy_file /config/waf/strict_policy.tgz |
```

|app_protect_security_log_enable | app_protect_security_log_enable on &#124; off | Whether to enable the App Protect per-request log at the respective context. | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_security_log_enable on |

> |app_protect_security_log | app_protect_security_log <file_path> <destination> | Specifies the per-request logging: what to log and where | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_security_log /config/waf/log_illegal.tar.gz syslog:localhost:522 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|app_protect_security_log | app_protect_security_log <file_path> <destination> | Specifies the per-request logging: what to log and where | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_security_log /config/waf/log_illegal.tgz syslog:localhost:522 |
```
